item.StoneSword.name=StoneSword
item.HotSword.name=Hot Sword
item.TPStick.name=TP Stick
item.TPHitStick.name=TP Hit Stick
item.MountainBlaster.name=Mountain Blaster
item.BossDiamondSword.name=Boss Diamond Sword
item.CoalDagger.name=Coal Dagger
item.CoalShard.name=Coal Shard
item.CobblestoneDagger.name=Cobblestone Daggar
item.CobblestoneShard.name=Cobblestone Shard
item.DiamondDagger.name=Diamond Dagger
item.DiamondShard.name=Diamond Shard
item.DogFood.name=Dog Food
item.EmeraldArrow.name=Emerald Arrow
item.EmeraldAxe.name=Emerald Axe
item.EmeraldBow.name=Emerald Bow
item.EmeraldDagger.name=Emerald Dagger
item.EmeraldHoe.name=Emerald Hoe
item.EmeraldPickaxe.name=Emerald Pickaxe
item.EmeraldShard.name=Emerald Shard
item.EmeraldShovel.name=Emerald Shovel
item.EmeraldSword.name=Emerald Sword
item.GoldDagger.name=Gold Dagger
item.GoldShard.name=Gold Shard
item.Gun.name=Gun
item.IronDagger.name=Iron Dagger
item.IronShard.name=Iron Shard
item.NinjaStar.name=Ninja Star
itemGroup.tooManyItemsTab=Not Enough Items Mod