item.test_item.name=Test Sword
item.hot_sword.name=Hot Sword
item.TPstick.name=TP Stick
item.TPhitstick.name=TP Hit Stick
item.mtnBlaster.name=Mountain Blaster
item.BOSSDiamondSword.name=BOSS Diamond Sword
item.Coaldagger.name=Coal Dagger
item.Coalshard.name=Coal Shard
item.Cobblestonedagger.name=Cobblestone Shard
item.Cobblestoneshard.name=Cobblestone Shard
item.Diamonddagger.name=Diamond Dagger
item.Diamondshard.name=Diamond Shard
item.Dogfood.name=Dog Food
item.EmeraldArrow.name=Emerald Arrow
item.EmeraldAxe.name=Emerald Axe
item.EmeraldBow.name=Emerald Bow
item.EmeraldDagger.name=Emerald Dagger
item.EmeraldHoe.name=Emerald Hoe
item.EmeraldPickaxe.name=Emerald Pickaxe
item.EmeraldShard.name=Emerald Shard
item.EmeraldShovel.name=Emerald Shovel
item.EmeraldSword.name=Emerald Sword
item.GoldDagger.name=Gold Dagger
item.GoldShard.name=Gold Shard
item.Gun.name=Gun
item.IronDagger.name=Iron Dagger
item.IronShard.name=Iron Shard
item.NinjaStar.name=Ninja Star
itemGroup.tooManyItemsTab=Too Many Items Mod